Make profile dropdown extensible (#493)
kyma-project/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

  - **position** defines the action element position. Can be `top` or `bottom`. The default value is `top`. This parameter is optional.
  - **link** defines an absolute Link to a **node**. This parameter is optional.
  - **clickHandler** specifies a function and is executed on click and should return a boolean. If it returns `true`, **link** is opened afterwards.
- **fallbackLabelResolver** specifies a function that is used to fetch the **label** for **options** that do not have a **label** defined. Additionally it fetches the dropdown label for non-existing **options**.

## Profile

> The profile section is a drop-down list available in the top navigation bar. Luigi configuration leverages the option to override the logout item content and/or add links to Luigi navigation nodes to the profile section. It just requires to add the `profile` property to the **navigation** object with any of these properties, all of them being optional:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The profile section is a configurable drop-down list available in the top navigation bar. Within the configuration, you can override the logout item content or add links to Luigi navigation nodes. To do so, add the **profile** property to the **navigation** object using the following optional properties:
```

Author: You can actually do any of both or both. Why not keeping _and/or_?

Reviewer: we can keep it :)

- **logout** overrides the content of the logout item.

>   - **label** overrides the text for logout item. Default is "Sign Out".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **label** overrides the text for the logout item. The default value is "Sign Out".
```

>   - **icon** overrides the icon for logout item. Default is [SAP UI5 log icon](https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/test-resources/sap/m/demokit/iconExplorer/webapp/index.html#/overview/SAP-icons/?tag=logout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **icon** overrides the icon for the logout item. The default value is [SAP UI5 log icon](https://sapui5.hana.ondemand.com/test-resources/sap/m/demokit/iconExplorer/webapp/index.html#/overview/SAP-icons/?tag=logout).
```

> - **items** array of objects, each one them being a link to a Luigi navigation node or an external url. An item can have the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **items** is an array of objects, each one being a link to a Luigi navigation node or an external URL. An item can have the following parameters:
```

  - **label** defines the text for the link. 
  - **icon** is the name of an icon from the [OpenUI](https://openui5.hana.ondemand.com/1.40.10/iconExplorer.html) or a custom link (relative or absolute) to an image displayed next to the label or instead of it.

>   - **link** defines an absolute link to a **node**..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **link** defines an absolute link to a **node**.
```

>   - **externalLink** is an object which indicates that the node links to an external URL. If this parameter is defined, **link** parameter is ignored. It has the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **externalLink** is an object which indicates that the node links to an external URL. If this parameter is defined, the **link** parameter is ignored. It has the following properties:
```
